on the way to nuremberg
today i meet rap the verbeek since
eight weeks coach at the fcm no easier
outing for 16 games has the club
not won anymore
also not under the dutchman
last the az alkmaar twice europe
and led to the cup victory what is that for
a guy who does something like that
The last Nuremberg coach was considered
to love now they wanted the exact one
on the contrary a man with herta already as
player guide can act as a tough dog
but what does that mean anyway
how does one live with such a reputation as
important is the image of a sales trainer
For his job, it is a blessing or a blessing
curse
how do you want to be yourself towards the
gamblers they want the type were pals
always knows or wants from the club
To be that way you need them
distance we magath from the felix
knows how the players react immediately
Of course I 'm not the field marker
as well as the club operators of welck and
the players have to get to know me and
I always have with many
I enjoy my work and stuff
important because it says the body language
already out and that it has to be
also know if you are a coach
The games do not just belong to this one, too
too conscious
well know that you are the good role model
has to see how did it ever come
that you can tell them that they like this
got a hard dog label
something happens in the training or something to be
in the game
and you have a clear opinion of you
you are a personality
yes and then
take the other from that evil
if anything calls an oval the
that and we get but they are yes
but also quite different than that
this this hard dog and as soon as she
More citizens like you write with
sometimes they have a game with them
taken home as that with the
nurses do not work then in
Internat I believe then in the
raised this socially in puberty
that is actually what it shows
a very different type are considered as
of its public ness to stand
or explain how the people
We only sometimes
the attachment will have something of you
and then I have too
you said the reality and
that I'm not the reality
I have another one, too
Imagination of myself as many
people and maybe that too
not quite the idea the reality
maybe I am about myself
positive then the other but somewhere
in the middle of millions and
meet and say okay that's that
I know what I can I am convinced
from myself and I need that in
my work at your last club
it was said at the end, so to speak, the
chemistry between the team and the
coach was completely destroyed
and they said after that I got that
not felt so first I have
already he said sometimes hard at me
mm if you separate yourself for the right one
talk to explain why you
to come apart
and yes people want something when
you also made the game has 30 points
and won before and a lot
Can not be won that says
also no chemistry is me I have there
this worked with a lot of fun
the good in my sense and yes then
but for a moment it is designed that
I'm in between two of my wife
for years worked well together and
Stayed together and lived and took
lived and one time that is that
Happens you have a great set
said to have come here now
I do not have to adapt now
I have to adapt to myself
that is a great challenge I am
as I am and I have to respect
that the standards were to be are one
Club yes that they are different so
somewhere else abroad that is too
Well, then most of it has to be done
I feel very excited about the people
they are actually still on or are
she totally relaxes i do not do that
what the people like to see or
or what they shrink people
feel good
to have my hello life in hand and
things now the army do much and
then they are also with themselves
in pure
I can not handle that
unfortunately as was unfortunately not for me
for those for the other people altogether
thank you very much